The Spring Framework utilizes a modular architecture,
meaning that it's broken up into separate individual
components that can be connected together.
And each of those components is then responsible for
providing a specific set of functionality,
and together as a whole, they make up the Spring Framework.
The Spring Framework can be broken up into six different key areas,
core, web, AOP, or aspect-oriented programming,
data access, integration, and testing.
For the remainder of the module,
we'll take a look at each of these key areas and understand what they are, what they provide, and how they simplify Java development.